fix(readme): Update Jekyll installation section based on a recent run… (#1622)
spinnaker/spinnaker.github.io: README.md

## Jekyll Installation

> Jekyll runs on Ruby, and running multiple versions of Ruby on a single system is apparently difficult enough to support at least two environment managers, `rbenv` and `rvm`, which allow you to select which version of Ruby you'd like to use. We include instructions here for `rbenv`, but feel free to use `rvm` if you'd like.

Reviewer: _Both_ `rbenv` and `rvm` allow you to choose the version?

Author: That's right - they are two tools that do effectively the same thing.

> 1. (Optional) Create and run from a fresh VM instance, and port forward the Jekyll default port (4000):

Reviewer: ```suggestion
1. (Optional) Create and run from a fresh VM instance, and forward the Jekyll default port (4000):
```

Author: Done.

> 1. (Optional) Create and run from a fresh VM instance:

Reviewer: I think it might be worthwhile to mention the alternative, installing on a local machine. Also, if I install on a vm, I have to forward 4000, right?

Author: Correct - Step 2 includes the ssh flag to do that. Will add text to that effect.

    1. `gcloud compute instances create jekyll --image-project=ubuntu-os-cloud --image-family=ubuntu-1804-lts --machine-type=n1-standard-1`
    1. `gcloud compute ssh jekyll --ssh-flag="-L 4000:localhost:4000"`
1. Install `rbenv` and `ruby-build`. Add these to `$PATH`:
    ```
    sudo apt update
    sudo apt-get install -y git bzip2 build-essential libssl-dev libreadline-dev zlib1g-dev
    git clone https://github.com/rbenv/rbenv.git ~/.rbenv
    git clone https://github.com/rbenv/ruby-build.git ~/.rbenv/plugins/ruby-build
    echo 'export PATH="$HOME/.rbenv/bin:$PATH"' >> ~/.bashrc
    echo 'eval "$(rbenv init -)"' >> ~/.bashrc
    source ~/.bashrc
    ```
1. Install and use ruby 2.4.1
    ```
    rbenv install 2.4.1
    rbenv global 2.4.1
    ```
1. Fork and clone your forked repo:
    ```
    GITHUB_USER=$USER # or something else here
    git clone https://github.com/$GITHUB_USER/spinnaker.github.io.git
    ```
1. Install `bundle` gem
    ```
    cd spinnaker.github.io
    gem install bundler
    bundle install
    ```

>  Your system should now be ready for local development.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
 Your system is now ready for local preview of the documentation site.
```

Reviewer: Changed from "development" to avoid sounding like we're talking about local _Spinnaker_ development.

Author: Done.
